Privacy Policy
Bata Shoe Company (Bangladesh) Limited respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy outlines the manner your data is collected and used by Bata Shoe Company (Bangladesh) Limited. You are advised to read the Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing the services provided by batabd.com or any other Bata owned and operated web-site, you agree to the collection and use of your data by batabd.com in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy. If you have any question or concern regarding this statement, you can email us at bd.customercare@bata.com

 The Policy does not apply to the procedures and practices followed by entities that are not managed, owned or controlled by batabd.com or to the people that are not engaged, employed or managed by batabd.com

Through this policy, we wish to make you-

Feel ease while using our websites;
Feel confident while sharing information with us;
Be aware that you may contact us with your questions or concerns about privacy on this website;
Be aware that by using our websites you are voluntarily and unconditionally agree to the collection of particular data.
Information that may be collected from you:

batabd.com collects your detail information provided by you on registration with batabd.com, your use of our service, your visits to our website and other websites accessible through them. Please, note that batabd.com does not access or store your Payment Card details (i.e. credit/debit card number, expiration date, CVV etc.)/bank account details/UPI details etc. When you purchase using your card/net banking/UPI, all required transaction details are captured on the secured payment page and encrypted using Industrial Strength Cipher and are securely transmitted to your card issuer/bank/payment applications for obtaining an authorization decision. At no point of time, during the purchase process or thereafter does batabd.com shall have access to or shall store, your complete card account, Bank account and UPI information.

We may collect additional information from your participation in any promotion or contest offered by us and from your feedback or completion of profile forms. We also monitor customers’ traffic patterns and website use that enables us to improve our service. We will collect necessary and relevant information to provide you better services available on the website.

While you use our website, we may have automatic access to (receive and collect) certain anonymous information in standard usage logs through our web server, obtained from “cookies” sent to your browser from web server cookies stored on your hard drive, including but not limited to:

Computer-identification information;
IP address assigned to the computer/machine which you use;
The domain server through which you access our services;
The type of computer/machine you are using;
The type of web browser you’re using. 
While you are transacting on our website personally identifiable information collected about you may include-

First and last name;
Email addresses;
Contact details including phone numbers;
Postal code;
Demographic profile (like your age, gender, occupation, education, address and durables owned);
Personal preferences and interests (such as books, movies, music and so on);
Your opinion and preferences on services, products, features on our websites.
We may also collect the following information about-

The pages you visit/access;
The links you click on our website;
The number of times you access the page;
Things you view, add to bag, add to wish list;
Other websites you open simultaneously while browsing on ours. 
When/How do we collect the information?

We will collect anonymous traffic information from you when you visit our website;
We collect the personally identifiable information from you when you register with us or you transact as a guest. During registration, you are required to give us your contact information (such as name, email address, date of birth, gender, billing address, delivery address, postal code, mobile number, occupation, interests etc.). Upon registration, users may receive communications from batabd.com (e.g. newsletters, updates). Even when you transact as a guest, we collect identifiable information (such as name, email address, gender, billing address, delivery address, postal code, mobile number etc.);
We use this information to contact you about the services you are using on our website and services in which you have expressed interest;
When you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form in order to provide your requested service. You are required to provide contact information (such as name, email, mobile number and shipping address).
We use this information for billing purposes and to fulfill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
You have the option to provide demographic information (such as occupation, education and gender) to us and we encourage you to submit this information so that we can provide you better and more personalized experience on our website.
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our website, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the website. batabd.com does store this information and the information is used for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at customercare@bata.com to request that we remove his information from our database. 
We are the sole owners of your information collected by us at different points on our Website. We will collect personally identifiable information about you only as part of a voluntary registration process, guest check out, on-line survey, contest or any combination thereof.

Our advertisers may collect anonymous traffic information from their own assigned cookies to your browser.
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites which we do not own, manage or control and suggest you to use caution while using those websites.
We may at certain times make chat rooms, forums, instant messenger and message boards and other services available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when disclosing your personal information to anyone.
If you use a bulletin board or chat room on this website, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in those forums. 
How is the information used?

We use your contact information to send you:

Password reminder and registration confirmation;
OTP;
Special offers, promotional and transaction message(s);
Changes in the service policies or terms of use;
Event based communications such as order information, renewal notices, invites, reminders etc. 
Note: We send users updates upon registration, and updates regarding your order status. We also send promotional emails to inform you about new arrivals, special offers, etc. 

We use your personal information to:

Improve personalized features on our websites to enhance your shopping experience;
To contact you for your account/profile related matters or any other reason as may be necessary;
To provide the services requested by you (For example: deliver merchandise ordered by you);
To preserve social history as governed by existing law or policy. 
We use anonymous traffic information to:

Remember you in order to deliver better and more personalized service e.g. track your entries in our promotion schemes;
Recognize your usage privileges to our website;
Administer and manage smooth functioning of our website by diagnosing problems;
Track your session and activities so that we can understand better how people use our website. 
Whom do we share your information with?

We do not share or rent your information with third parties except our agents and alliance partners.
Agents

We use the services of our enabling partners such as outside shipping companies, resellers, business associates to fulfill orders and credit/debit card processing companies/banking partners to process the payment for goods and services ordered from batabd.com website. These entities do not retain, store, share or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.

Alliance Partners

We will share your information with our alliance partners who work with us or on our behalf to help provide you the services. An alliance partner is a company or an individual who owns and manages (wholly or part of) online content on their websites powered by batabd.com. 

We share email addresses/mobile number(s) with agents and Alliance partners. The agents and Alliance partners use the email address/mobile number(s) to confirm the deliveries, send notices and offer services related to the service.
We do not rent, sell or share your personal information and we will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information to any other third parties unless:
Required by special circumstances such as compliance with subpoenas, court orders, requests/order from legal authorities or law enforcement agencies requiring such disclosure;
To help investigate, prevent or take actions regarding unlawful and illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threat to the safety or security of any person, violations of batabd.com terms of use or to defend against legal claims.
We have your permission to provide products or services you’ve requested.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal identifiable, mobile number and email address information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on our websites.
We share your information with advertisers on an aggregate basis only.
The security of your personal information and email address is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit/debit card number/bank account details) on our acquiring bank’s system or order forms, they encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information and email address submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information and email address, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our website, you can email us at: customercare@bata.com 
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of your information?

You can accept or decline the cookies. All websites that are customizable require that you accept cookies. You must also accept cookies to register as someone for access to some of our services. For information on how to set your browser to alert you to cookies, or to reject cookies, go to http://www.cookiecentral.com/ 

Cookies

A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this website. We do link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our website.

We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier and secure for you to navigate our website. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browsers “help” file. Reference for cookies can be found at http://www.cookiecentral.com/

We use session cookies to store the secure session and browsing preferences of the user. We set a persistent cookie to store your username and interests so you don’t have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our website. 

If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some areas of our website, will be limited. Cookies are used in the shopping bag to enable enhanced security and to ensure there is no URL based spamming.

Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we will have no way of knowing who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply (an example of this is when you transact as a guest or add items to shopping bag). A cookie cannot read data of your hard drive.

Some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) set cookies while delivering banners on our website. We have no access to or control over these cookies.

This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by batabd.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers and we advise our customers to use caution while using such cookies of advertisers.

We do use cookies on point of collection pages of email address but we do not use them in emails.

Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer’s connection to the Internet, including your IP address, when you visit our website. (Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the web pages you view.) Your IP address does not identify you personally. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our website to the interests of our customers, to measure traffic within our website and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come.

batabd.com includes links to other websites. Such websites are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. Once you leave our servers (you can know where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the website you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can’t find the privacy policy of any of these websites via a link from the website’s homepage, you should contact the website directly for more information, Bata does not own any responsibility for the use of such Websites.

Voluntary disclosure of information

Supplying personally identifiable information is entirely voluntary. You are not required to register with us in order to use our websites. However, we offer some services only to visitors who register themselves with us.

You may change your interest at any time and may opt-in or opt-out of any marketing/promotional/ newsletters mailings. batabd.com reserves the right to send you certain service-related communication, considered to be a part of your batabd.com account without offering you the facility to opt-out. You may update your information and change your account settings at any time.

We provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of having your email address/mobile number or any other personal details used for certain purposes when we ask for this information. For example, if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preferences. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by selecting your preferences in “My Account”. If you still face an issue then you may contact us at: 09678772828 or email us at bd.customercare@bata.com.

If your personally identifiable information or email address changes or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by emailing our Customer Service at bd.customercare@bata.com.

Upon request, we will remove/block your personally identifiable information from our database, thereby canceling your registration. However, your information may remain stored in archive on our servers even after the deletion or the termination of your account.

If we plan to use your personally identifiable information for any commercial purposes, we will notify you at the time we collect that information and allow you to opt-out of having your information used for those purposes.

What Security procedures are in place to protect information from loss, misuse or alteration?

To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personally identifying information. If you have registered your profile on batabd.com, your batabd.com ID and Password are required in order to access your profile information.

To protect you against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, we have in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures. For example, our servers are accessible only to authorized personnel and your information is shared with respective personnel on need to know basis to complete the transaction and to provide the services requested by you.

Although we will endeavor to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. By using this website, you agree that Bata Shoe Company (Bangladesh) Ltd. will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.

We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information and email addresses submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information and email address, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

All information gathered on batabd.com is securely stored within the batabd.com controlled database. The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall and access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet and, of course, any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with internet access. 

Internet is an ever evolving medium. We may revise our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary changes necessitated by such evolution of statutory mandate. Of course, our use of any information we gather will always be consistent with the policy under which the information was collected, unless such changes required otherwise. You will always have the option to opt out or seek clarification at bd.customercare@bata.com.

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.

How can you correct inaccuracies in the information?

To correct or update any information you have provided, our websites allow you to do it online except editing your email address, associated phone number and date of birth.

Policy updates

We reserve the right to change or update this policy at any time. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting to this website.

If we decide to make any change in our email practices, we will post those changes to this privacy policy, the places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

Contact Details:

Bata Shoe Company (Bangladesh) Ltd.

Tongi Gazipur, Bangladesh.

Contact: 09678772828

Email: bd.customercare@bata.com.